Python is an object oriented programming language.
    since Python follows fours principles of oops
    1.Encapsulation
    2.Abstraction
    3.Polymorhism
    4.Inheritance
Is it python 100% object oriented or not ?
    It is not 100% object oriented since with out oops we can develop the applications in python.

Encapsulation : Binding the Data types and methods(functions) into a single unit is called 
Encapsulation.

    Exmple : class 

Polymorhism : An entity exhbiting different properties is called polymorhism.
              It is of two types    
              1. compile time polymorhism(Interpreter polymorhism) or early binding or static binding
                    method overloading
                    function overloading
                    operator overloading are the examples.
              2. Runtime Polymorhism or late binding or Dynamic binding
                    Mehtod overriding example.

Inheritance : Reusability of class is called Inheritance.
                            or
              Acquring properties from parent class to child class.
                          or
              Derving a subclass from super class is calle inheritance.

              1. single Inheritance
              2. Multi level inheritance
              3. Multiple Inheritance
              4. Hierachical Inheretance
              5. Hybrid Inheretance
Abstraction : Hiding unnesscary data and accessing nessacary data is called abstraction.

class :         It is the blue print of the object.
                                or
                It is the collection of data types and methods.
                note : In class we may have data type(s)
                       In a class we may have only method(s)
                       In a class we may have both
                       class can't be empty
Object :        It is the instance of a class.
                In order to access non static members of a class.
                for class we can multiple objects.


class members :
    Data types and methods  are class members.
    These are of two types
    1. static members
        Static members of class can be accessed using className.

    2.non static members
        non static mebers of a class can be accessed uisng object.

Encapsulation : Binding the data types and methods into single unit


Constructor : It is special methods.
It can be written __init__()
It can be invoked when the object is created
Constructor are of two types
1.Default Constructor(Constructor Without Parameter)
2.Constructor with Parameter
3.In a class we can't take multiple Constructor.
4.In order to contruct the object we Constructor
                Inheritance
Acquring Proprerties from a parent class to a child class   
            or 
Reusability of a class can be called Inheritance
It is of defferent types
1.single Inheritance
    Derving a single child class from Single Base class.
2.Multi level Inheritance
3.Multiple Inheretance
4.Hierarchical Inheretance
5.Hybrid Inheritance


